Now you might remember that earlier when we created an index, it seemed like there already was an index.
Now we can always see all indexes that exist for a collection by using get indexes on the collection,
so db contacts get indexes in our case here and this gives us some information about the indexes that
we do have there.
And as you can see, we got two indexes on contacts,
the first one is actually one on the ID field and this is a default index mongodb maintains for
you and then come your own indexes but you have this default index out of the box for every collection
you create and therefore this is an index that will always be maintained by mongodb here automatically.
And this means that if you are filtering for ID or sorting by ID which is then the default sort order
or the order by which the documents are fetched, you utilize the index for that at least.